[Music]
ten ways to get rid of insects and bugs
in your home do you want a pest free
home oh but at the same time you
wouldn't like to use nasty stinky
pesticides right chemical pesticides are
highly toxic by default and can harm not
only insects but you and your family as
well in this video you will learn how to
get rid of unwanted insects found around
the house using natural ways that are
just as effective as using chemicals but
are not as harmful to people first of
all you should know that pesticides can
indeed cause a lot of harm to your
health
recent research conducted by a multi
University Toronto team shows that these
chemicals can be linked to many serious
health issues cancer reproductive
problems diseases of the nervous system
Parkinson's disease lymphoma asthma and
many more dangerous and fatal illnesses
can be caused by pesticides people are
exposed to in their homes and Gardens
that's why it's so important to find a
natural alternative to all these
chemical substances number 10
cockroaches roaches usually come out for
food and water so you have a good chance
of never seeing them again
if there's nothing for them to eat so
make sure you don't leave any food or
drinks in open containers and get rid of
all leftovers if that hasn't solved the
problem make a trap get an empty plastic
bottle from a soft drink and cut the top
part off so that it looks like a funnel
assemble a construction where the top
part or the funnel is placed into the
bottom part seal it with tape around the
rim pour in some water and place the
trap where the roaches are likely to
appear the thing is they will easily get
in but won't be able to get out one
significant drawback of this method is
that while this trap captures individual
roaches it doesn't affect the nest
number nine fruit flies
it doesn't take much to get these
annoying fruit flies to appear around
the house all they need is the smell of
ripe fruit and vegetable as soon as they
feel it they are inside your kitchen
before you can count to ten these
insects are so tiny that they can
squeeze through window screens and even
crevices around doors or windows and as
soon as they are inside they start to
reproduce and that's the beginning of
the apocalypsis that's why you
definitely need this instruction on how
to make a trap to get rid of them pour
half a cup of apple cider vinegar into a
glass jar cut a few pieces of any ripe
or rotting fruit and place them inside
the jar roll a piece of paper to make a
funnel and tape it pull the funnel into
the jar creating a fruit fly trap place
the trap in the infested area and leave
it overnight be sure to get rid of the
trap with those bugs inside it number
eight mosquitoes
citronella and lemongrass essential oils
are well known repellents for mosquitoes
use an essential oil candle or a
diffuser to keep those nasty
blood-sucking things away from you if
you have difficulties finding a candle
with these particular essential oils you
can make it on your own for example this
is how you create a DIY i citronella
candle choose a proper jar and using hot
glue or sturdy tape anchor a wick to the
bottom of the jar after that keep the
jar in the oven at the lowest possible
temperature if you warm the jar in
advance the wax will be able to cool
evenly melt the wax until it's liquid
and clear and resembles olive oil then
add about three drops of citronella
essential oil pour the wax into the
prepared jar and keep the wicks in the
middle with the help of some pencil or a
leftover chopstick wait until the candle
cools trim its wick a bit and light it
up voila the mosquito protection is
right in front of you
number seven flies the main thing you
need to remember is that flies hate
lavender get a sponge or a small cloth
and saturated with undiluted lavender
essential oil place the sponge into a
small jar and leave it unsealed
somewhere in your house the Flies won't
like you for that but that's exactly
what you want you can also make a spray
with lavender oil by adding
approximately 30 drops of lavender
essential oil into a small spray bottle
with water remember to avoid any skin
contact with undiluted essential oil
some other options that will help you to
get rid of these annoying insects
include planting basil or other herbs
with a strong smell in pots on your
windowsill or you can use camphor which
has an extremely strong smell and can be
bought at any homeopathic store it works
most effectively when heated fresh
orange peel is another super effective
and cheap way to get rid of these
insects just put it around the house in
all the strategic places such as window
sills or besides doors and flies won't
enter number six ants all ants become
especially active in the summer they
collect and store food before hard times
come but knowing this doesn't keep you
from getting irritated when you see
hordes of these insects marching through
your kitchen to make ants understand
that your house isn't the best place to
hunt for food mix a teaspoon of rubbing
alcohol a teaspoon of dishwashing liquid
and a cup of water and pour it into a
small spray bottle shake it until it
starts bubbling and spray the area where
you have found add tracks thanks to the
alcohol the ants will stay away
number five carpenter bees carpenter
bees are pollinators an essential for
any wild flora if you've got a bee nest
in your household it might be a good
idea to contact the local beekeeper who
will be incredibly happy to remove them
from your place instead of killing them
if it is not an option spray the
infested area with citrus oil spray to
make it place rinds of different citrus
fruits grapefruit lemon tangerine lime
and orange in water and boil for ten to
fifteen minutes pour it into a spray
bottle and spray the carpenter bees
holes like many other insects the
carpenter bees really don't like citrus
oil number four wasps prevention is
always the easiest way to get rid of
bugs wasps are very territorial so fake
decorative wasp nests placed around your
house will most likely solve the problem
before it even begins to get rid of
wasps if they have already built a nest
somewhere around your house mix two
tablespoons of dishwashing liquid with
water and pour it into a spray bottle
spray it directly into the nest experts
say that this kills wasps instantly be
extremely careful when dealing with
wasps stay still if an insect approaches
you don't flail your hands and if you
absolutely must run away
move in a straight line first of all
protect your face and head don't try to
hide in the water
wasps will just wait until you re emerge
[Music]
number three spiders apparently spiders
hate the smell of tea tree oil mix half
a cup of water
half a cup of vinegar and a few drops of
tea tree essential oil sprayed in all
corners and wardrobes in Manhattan
what's more spiders also did test orange
peels the smell of peppermint essential
oil tumeric eucalyptus cinnamon and
onion number two bedbugs to get rid of
these creatures add 10 drops of
eucalyptus essential oil into a cup of
water shake well and pour into a spray
bottle spray your mattress and bedding
to scare bedbugs away if you are a
frequent traveler it might be a good
idea to carry eucalyptus oil in your bag
place a few drops of oil on a tissue and
wipe down the mattress in your hotel
room just in case number one stink bugs
the easiest and safest way to get rid of
these little smelly things is to use
garlic spray makes 2 cups of water with
4 teaspoons of garlic powder shake well
and spray all the plants and areas
around your windows to keep them away do
you have your own tricks to keep your
place insect free tell us in the
comments below don't forget to click
subscribe to stay on the bright side of
life
[Music]